Rauffen:Finally, the day has come, Lady Rozemyne!
Rozemyne:Professor Rauffen…
Rauffen:I never imagined that a bride-taking ditter would take place in the Royal Academy!
Rozemyne:Neither did I…
Hannelore:I truly apologize, Lady Rozemyne.
Hannelore:My brother stomped all over your good intentions…
Rozemyne:Lady Hannelore, is Aub Dunkelfelger okay with putting your marriage on the line for this match?
Hannelore:“I could not shame us all by interrupting what must be decided through ditter.”
Hannelore:“Do whatever it takes to win!”
Hannelore:Those were his words.
Rozemyne:We would have been extremely grateful if he had canceled things…
Lestilaut:*After saying that, Rozemyne lowered her gaze.*
Lestilaut:*Her golden eyes, filled with sorrow, her hair, the same color as the night sky, and her porcelain-like white skin.*
Lestilaut:*They perfectly matched the image of Rozemyne that was etched in my mind.*
Lestilaut:*Even now, I can vividly imagine it when I close my eyes.*
Lestilaut:*The feystones sparkling brightly, decorating her in a multitude of colors that filled me with the urge to depict Rozemyne’s dedication whirl.*
Kenntrips:Lord Lestilaut…
Lestilaut:What is it, Kenntrips?
Kenntrips:If you are putting such an effort in that illustration, are you perhaps seeking Lady Rozemyne as your first wife?
Kenntrips:Have you actually fallen in love with her…?
Lestilaut:What a foolish notion.
Lestilaut:How can anyone fall for a child who has not even developed mana sensing?
Kenntrips:That may be true, but…
Lestilaut:I must capture her beauty and serenity in its entirety. Until then, the pounding of my heart and the movement of my hands won’t stop.
Lestilaut:That is all there is to it.
Kenntrips:Putting aside any discussion of romantic inclinations, might I suggest courting her regardless?
Kenntrips:Such a union would clearly bring tremendous wealth to our duchy.
Kenntrips:Everyone would welcome Lady Rozemyne as your first wife.
Lestilaut:What are you even saying? She is already engaged.
Kenntrips:But Ehrenfest’s technology, which can create the same book over and over, is remarkable.
Kenntrips:Dunkelfelger’s history book translation was also wonderful.
Lestilaut:That history book should be made in Dunkelfelger.
Kenntrips:It seems that Clarissa is the subject of much envy for having already secured an engagement to one of her retainers.
Lestilaut:Even Mother has been paying close attention to Rozemyne, ever since she saw the book Hannelore borrowed from Ehrenfest.
Lestilaut:First Mother, now Clarissa, I find the sharp noses and general acumen of our duchy’s women to be genuinely terrifying.
Kenntrips:You should be terrified not of them, but of Lady Rozemyne.
Kenntrips:She is engaged in joint research projects with several duchies, has a tremendous number of divine protections, and is responsible for numerous new trends.
Lestilaut:Rozemyne’s value is only going to increase come the Interduchy Tournament.
Kenntrips:But at this rate, she will soon be stolen by the royal family, will she not?
Lestilaut:Certainly, when it comes to ceremonies, her knowledge is unmatched.
Lestilaut:If it comes to that, the Royal Family won’t hesitate to cancel her engagement and take her for themselves.
Lestilaut:If they do take her in, she would perhaps become the first prince’s third wife, or the second prince’s second wife.
Kenntrips:If you court her before that happens and then perform bride-taking ditter, then the royal family will not be able to interject.
Lestilaut:*Bride-taking ditter is held when the man proposes marriage but the woman’s parents oppose it.*
Lestilaut:*It is a form of treasure stealing ditter in which relatives from both sides fight to obtain the bride.*
Kenntrips:If we want to outmaneuver them, now is our only chance.
Kenntrips:Lord Lestilaut, do you think you can win her over?
Lestilaut:If we extrapolate from how she is being treated in Ehrenfest, then there is some hope of victory here.
Lestilaut:Make haste, gather intelligence.
Lestilaut:Right now, the other duchies are hesitating due to her engagement,
Lestilaut:but we must get her into Dunkelfelger before the royal family discovers her true value and claims her for themselves!
Lestilaut’s Scholars:Yes, my lord!
Lestilaut:*At the tea party with Ehrenfest, I’ve set my plans in motion.*
Lestilaut:Become my first wife, Rozemyne.
Kenntrips:Good job, Lord Lestilaut!
Hannelore:Brother! What are you saying all of a sudden?
Lestilaut:Silence, Hannelore.
Rozemyne:You have made a very appealing offer, but I must refuse.
Lestilaut:*So far, everything has played out as I anticipated.*
Lestilaut:If you refuse then I have no choice but to take you by force.
Lestilaut:I challenge you to a ditter match.
Hannelore:Brother, please wait.
Wilfried:Lord Lestilaut.
Wilfried:If Ehrenfest wins, will Dunkelfelger give up on Rozemyne?
Lestilaut:Ditter matches are sacred.
Lestilaut:I swear to the gods that, if we lose, we will trouble her no further.
Rozemyne:In that case, on the day that Ehrenfest wins,
Rozemyne:my brother, Wilfried, will take Lady Hannelore as his second wife.
Lestilaut:What, you want Hannelore?!
Wilfried:Rozemyne, what are you saying?!
Hannelore:Lady Rozemyne?!
Rozemyne:So, Lord Lestilaut? Will you still challenge us to ditter under these conditions?
Rozemyne:Perhaps it would be better to consult with your aub.
Lestilaut:If you think I will withdraw over such a reason, you are mistaken.
Lestilaut:Your answer, Ehrenfest?
Wilfried:I accept your challenge!
Wilfried:I am the next Aub Ehrenfest. I will not let another duchy take our treasure so easily!
Kenntrips:I didn’t think they’d put a condition like that…
Lestilaut:They would drag a Dunkelfelger archduke candidate as low as Ehrenfest, of all places?
Lestilaut:Don’t make me laugh!
Kenntrips:For Lady Hannelore’s sake, we cannot lose.
Lestilaut:Indeed. We will make them regret accepting our challenge!
Rasantark:To think we can live out the treasure-stealing ditter from A Ditter Story.
Rasantark:It’s exciting, isn’t it?
Lestilaut:…Rasantark, I can understand your excitement.
Lestilaut:It was the first time I read a story in which apprentice knights and scholars work together to achieve victory.
Lestilaut:There’s never been anything like it before.
Kenntrips:Lord Lestilaut, let’s pay them back for what they did to us two years ago.
Lestilaut:*Two years ago…*
Lestilaut:*Dunkelfelger lost the battle for the royal heirlooms against Ehrenfest,*
Lestilaut:*and I was admonished for not having enough self-awareness as the next aub.*
Rauffen:Treasure-stealing ditter is a direct analogue to protecting a duchy’s foundation.
Rauffen:Had that game of treasure-stealing ditter been an actual battle,
Rauffen:you would have lost your duchy’s foundation to Ehrenfest.
Lestilaut:Silence!
Rauffen:If an archduke loses their duchy, they have nothing!
Rauffen:Do you not understand this?
Lestilaut:What did you say?!
Rauffen:Hmph! Dunkelfelger is the Zent’s sword.
Rauffen:You should be focusing on becoming an aub worthy of Dunkelfelger.
Lestilaut:Listen up! Now is the time to showcase the result of our training!
Dunkelfelger Knights:Yes, my lord!!!
Charlotte:It’s almost time.
Rozemyne:Yes, let’s go.
Charlotte:Brother, sister, please do your best.
Wilfried:We will, please pray for our victory, Charlotte.
Hirschur:Lady Rozemyne, my research environment has finally been perfected.
Hirschur:I would not want Ehrenfest losing now.
Rozemyne:…I will do my best.
Rauffen:Both leaders, come forward!
Lestilaut:May this be a nice, fair game.
Wilfried:Our aub instructed us to do everything in our power to protect Rozemyne.
Wilfried:We will not lose.
Lestilaut:Ditter is the means by which a person can win what they desire and defend what they treasure.
Lestilaut:We’ll Protect Hannelore and obtain Rozemyne!
Rauffen:Begin!
Rozemyne:Ascendance of a Bookworm. I’ll do anything to become a librarian!
Knights:Geteilt!
Rozemyne:O Goddess of Wind Schutzaria, protector of all, O twelve goddesses who serve by her side…
Lestilaut:We will destroy them before Rozemyne finishes making her wind shield.
Dunkelfelger Knights:Yes, my lord!
Rozemyne:Please hear my prayer and lend me your divine strength.
Wilfried:Next is waschen!
Brunhilde:Yes, Lord Wilfried!
Wilfried + Brunhilde + Isidore:Waschen!
Dunkelfelger Knights:Ugh, the water! I’m getting swept away!
Lestilaut:Using waschen as a delay tactic, how annoying.
Rozemyne:Grant me your shield of Wind, so that I might blow away those who mean to cause harm!
Charlotte:A pillar of light shot up from my sister’s divine shield!
Hirschur:It is my first time witnessing such a sight.
Leonore:Judithe, now’s your chance!
Judithe:Yes, Leonore!
Dunkelfelger Knight:Oh no! Our rejuvenation potions!
Dunkelfelger Knight:Cough! Cough! My throat…
Dunkelfelger Knight:Don’t breathe it in! It makes your extremities go numb!
Lestilaut:Do not falter! We learned two years ago that Rozemyne uses vicious, cowardly tricks.
Rozemyne:*I didn’t come up with this; Hartmut did.*
Hartmut:For Lady Rozemyne’s protection, I will put my utmost into the creation of magic tools.
Rozemyne:*And then I produced my schtappe.*
Rozemyne:Streitkolben.
Rozemyne:Goddess of the Sea, Verfuhremeer.
Dunkelfelger Knight:The Staff of Verfuhremeer!
Rozemyne:To the gods who granted us their blessings, with our gratitude and prayers, we offer our mana.
Dunkelfelger Knight:Our blessings!
Dunkelfelger Knight:They are fading away!
Hirschur:What is this?!
Charlotte:It’s Dunkelfelger’s ritual.
Charlotte:Originally, it’s a ritual to return blessings to the gods after a ditter match is over. That’s what I heard.
Hirschur:I see. So, in short, she’s trying to demoralize them?
Rauffen:Dunkelfelger’s students may have been stripped of their blessings, but they won’t be defeated.
Wilfried:O God of Life Ewigeliebe, ruler of restoration and death…
Hirschur:That sword?
Charlotte:It’s Ewigeliebe’s sword, borrowed from the temple.
Hirschur:Is this part of their strategy too?
Charlotte:Yes!
Wilfried:O twelve gods who serve by his side, hear my prayer and lend me your divine strength, grant me the power to protect
Wilfried(background):Geduldh from those who would steal her.
Lestilaut:Don’t let him finish that prayer!
Lestilaut:Stop him!
Dunkelfelger Knight:Yes, my lord!
Wilfried(background):I offer thee my unwavering faith. May my highest ideals be met with praise and with lasting protection.
Dunkelfelger Knight:Release the arrows!
Ehrenfest Knight:Don’t let them get close! Protect him!
Wilfried:Grant me thy divine power so that no enemies may approach.
Wilfried:Graaaaaah!
Dunkelfelger Knight:Feybeasts?!
Lestilaut:Do not falter! Cut them down!
Charlotte:Sister! Brother!
Hirschur:From here on, it will be a contest of raw strength.
Lestilaut:Target Rozemyne!
Lestilaut:She has been using her mana nonstop, there’s no way she’s had a chance to recover.
Lestilaut:Give her no room to breathe—everyone attack at once and break through her shield!
Wilfried:Everyone, protect Rozemyne! Don’t let Dunkelfelger near Schutzaria’s shield!
Ehrenfest Knights:Yes, my lord!
Lestilaut:This is it! Go, Rarstark!
Wilfried:A rainbow-colored sword?!
Rozemyne:*I’ll die! Taking that head-on would kill me for sure!*
Rarstark:Dodge if you want to live!
Brunhilde:Lady Rozemyne!
Judithe:Is it over…?
Rozemyne:Yes, the shield is intact.
Lestilaut:Rozemyne.
Rozemyne:Lord Lestilaut!
Rozemyne:How did you get inside the shield?
Rozemyne:What is that black shield?
Lestilaut:Dunkelfelger’s secret treasure.
Lestilaut:This shield is made of the highest-quality Darkness feystones.
Lestilaut:Our aub sent it to us so that we could counter your shield.
Lestilaut:We can’t allow Hannelore to be stolen away by Ehrenfest so easily.
Rozemyne:Is that how Dunkelfelger operates?
Lestilaut:Obtain what you desire. Gather the strength required to win.
Lestilaut:Change your technique, change your equipment, keep challenging and never give up.
Lestilaut:That is the Dunkelfelger way.
Rozemyne:Judithe!
Lestilaut:How about getting rid of your shield?
Lestilaut:Then this can be settled without your apprentice knights getting injured.
Lestilaut:Now that your shield no longer serves its purpose, the battle has been decided.
Lestilaut:Take my hand, Rozemyne.
Rozemyne:No way.
Lestilaut:What are you about to drink?
Rozemyne:Nngghhh!
Lestilaut:Was that poison?!
Rozemyne:*No, it’s not! It’s a horribly bitter medicine!*
Lestilaut:Do you really find the thought of being my wife so displeasing, Rozemyne?
Rozemyne:Lord Lestilaut, I haven’t lost yet.
Rozemyne:Wilfried, I will handle Lord Lestilaut—go steal Lady Hannelore.
Rozemyne:I entrust Ehrenfest’s victory to you.
Rozemyne:Lanze!
Lestilaut:Leidenschaft’s Spear?
Rozemyne:Hyaaah! Hyah! Hyah!
Lestilaut:This is the clumsiest spear fighting I have ever seen, but your weapon certainly is dangerous.
Rozemyne(background):Hyah! Hyah! Hyaaaah!
Lestilaut:Wha-what is this?!
Lestilaut:My shield turned into gold dust?!
Lestilaut:Rozemyne, what have you done?!
Rozemyne:Is it not obvious that exposing Geduldh would end with her being stolen by Flutrane?
Rozemyne:This seems to me like an incident invited by Ewigeliebe’s carelessness.
Rozemyne:With this, Ehrenfest will not lose.
Rozemyne:Now if Wilfried can steal Lady Hannelore…
Hirschur:Something is coming from above—everyone, be careful!
Intruder:The Saint of Ehrenfest belongs to the victor!
Intruder:We won’t let Dunkelfelger have her!
Rozemyne:Orange and dark purple capes…?
Intruder:Destroy anyone who opposes the Zent!
Charlotte:There are even Sovereign Knights among them!
Hirschur:Good Grief…
Hirschur:Whenever Lady Rozemyne is involved, something always happens.
Intruders:Let’s fulfill the Zent’s wish!
Lestilaut:DO NOT INTERFERE!
Wilfried:Lady Hannelore, it’s dangerous here.
Wilfried:Please come to Ehrenfest.
Hannelore:But I cannot leave this base…
Wilfried:Our game can’t continue after such an interruption.
Wilfried:Please, Lady Hannelore. Think of your safety above all else.
Hannelore:Lord Wilfried…
Wilfried:Now, take my hand.
Hannelore:Very well. I shall go to Ehrenfest.
Rozemyne:*Quietly, amidst the attackers’ onslaught, the outcome of the ditter match had been decided.*
Rauffen:ATTENTIOOON!
Rauffen:Why is the Sovereign Knight’s Order interfering with a game of ditter?!
Rauffen:We’ve confirmed via ordonnanz that the royal family didn’t order you to come!
Intruder:The royal family is concerned about Dunkelfelger potentially taking the Saint of Ehrenfest, dealing with such concerns is the duty of the Sovereign Knight’s Order.
Intruders:That’s right!
Rauffen:You would attack on such a flimsy basis, without a royal decree?!
Rauffen:This is clearly abnormal!
Intruder:The Sovereign Knight’s Order serves the Zent himself, we work to ease his distress.
Intruder:Eliminate all those who oppose him!
Lestilaut:Interrupting ditter without a royal decree is unprecedented behavior!
315j
Lestilaut:Bind them and have them explain themselves before the Zent!
Dunkelfelger Knights:Yes, my lord!
Intruder:Professor Rauffen!
Intruder:This is what the royal family wants.
Intruder:If we win, we obtain the Saint of Ehrenfest.
Rauffen:There is no royal decree!
Rauffen:If you support the Sovereign Knight’s Order knowing this, even being Royal Academy students won’t grant you protection!
Rauffen:Stand down at once!
Intruder:Huh?
Anastasius:I came here at once upon receiving Rauffen’s ordonnanz, and what do I see?!
Rozemyne:Prince Anastasius!
Anastasius:I wish to hear your cases, archduke candidates of Dunkelfelger and Ehrenfest, stay here with your retainers and dormitory supervisors.
Rihyarda:Milady! What’s wrong?!
Rozemyne:I used too much mana, and drank too many rejuvenation potions. I’m feeling…
Rihyarda:We must return to the dormitory at once.
Rozemyne:But I was ordered to stay…
Anastasius:You may leave. I can tell from looking at you that you are unwell.
Rozemyne:I thank you. Your magnanimous heart fills me with gratitude.
Rozemyne:*I’m going to faint! Collapsing in front of the royal family isn’t good! What should I do?!*
Anastasius:Take her away already!
Rihyarda:Yes, right away!
Rozemyne:*And so, I was carried away by Rihyarda.*
Wilfried:Rozemyne, are you feeling any better?
Rozemyne:Yes, I’m sorry that I worried you, Wilfried.
Charlotte:I am really glad you have recovered, sister.
Rozemyne:It wasn’t until three days later that I was able to get out of bed.
Charlotte:Sister, there is much to report.
Rozemyne:This pertains to the inquiry with Prince Anastasius, I assume.
Wilfried:He…feels I’m not capable of protecting you.
Rozemyne:What on earth…
Charlotte:As it turns out, Prince Hildebrand mentioned our ditter game to the Sovereign Knight’s Order.
Charlotte:Dunkelfelger is trying to steal the Saint of Ehrenfest, even though her engagement had already been approved by the king.
Rozemyne:*Oh, come to think of it, when I went to investigate Verfuhremeer’s staff, I might have discussed our ditter game with Prince Hildebrand.*
Charlotte:If Ehrenfest is prepared to send you to another duchy, then the royal family would rather take you for themselves.
Wilfried:If we cause another fuss like this in the Royal Academy, they will take you.
Rozemyne:*Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!*
Wilfried:And regarding what they will do with the intruders.
Rozemyne:*It seems the Sovereign knights will receive a harsh punishment.*
Charlotte:The actions of the students from the middle and lesser duchies, though, are being overlooked.
Wilfried:Professor Rauffen really broke his back for them…
Rozemyne:He did?
Wilfried:He defended them by stating that the students merely believed they were carrying out the will of the Zent.
Rozemyne:*I thought he only cared for ditter…*
Wilfried:But more importantly, the Zent’s wrath and disappointment were extreme since he thought of them as loyal vassals before.
Rozemyne:I don’t understand that part…
Rozemyne:It seems odd to me that such loyal knights would suddenly start acting of their own accord and without a royal decree…
Matthias:Lady Rozemyne, if I may.
Rozemyne:What is it, Matthias?
Matthias:There is no concrete evidence, but it is possible that trug was used on them.
Wilfried:No way!
Rozemyne:*Trug is a plant that could be used to disturb memories and create hallucinations.*
Matthias:I noticed a sweet scent coming from the restrained knights.
Matthias:At the time, I couldn’t quite pinpoint why the smell seemed familiar,
Matthias:but it came back to me when I returned to the dormitory and saw the fireplace.
Matthias:I’m sure of it…
Matthias:It’s the same scent that filled the air during the Georgine faction’s meeting.
Matthias:We might be able to tell for sure if we could observe their memories.
Wilfried:Lets ask Aub Ehrenfest for his permission before we inform the royal family that trug might have been used.
Rozemyne:*Lady Georgine was connected to someone who was in a position to manipulate knights from the Sovereign Knight’s Order.*
Rozemyne:*A feeling of unease stirred in my chest, and I tenderly ran my fingers over my hairpin crafted from rainbow-colored feystones.*
Leonore:Lady Rozemyne, I can understand your nervousness.
Leonore:But let us leave this to the aub, and instead think about what you should be doing, shall we?
Rozemyne:What I should be doing?
Leonore:Isn’t the Interduchy Tournament coming up soon?
Rozemyne:Ah!
Charlotte:What’s the matter, sister?!
Rozemyne:*I can’t believe I forgot something so important!*
Rihyarda:You wish to prepare benches for them?
Rozemyne:Yes, for the Interduchy Tournament. Ferdinand will spend the night in the tea party room, yes?
Rihyarda:It couldn’t be helped since Ahrensbach retainers will be accompanying him as well.
Rozemyne:I want to make things as comfortable for Ferdinand as possible.
Rozemyne:Is there anything they need other than benches?
Rihyarda:You can leave such preparations to the attendants.
Rozemyne:*When I relayed that to Professor Hirschur.*
Hirschur:So Ferdinand is going to be here for the Interduchy Tournament?
Hirschur:He’s not just going to escort his fiancée during her graduation ceremony?
Rozemyne:Lady Detlinde asked Ferdinand to greet her on the morning of her graduation ceremony.
Rozemyne:That is why he cannot stay in the Ahrensbach Dormitory…
Hirschur:Oh my. To think Ferdinand would agree to play along with such selfishness…
Rozemyne:It must be hard to stay in Lady Detlinde’s good graces.
Hirschur:He must truly wish to return to Ehrenfest.
Rozemyne:What?
Hirschur:Otherwise, he would simply feed her a clever line or two, to secure himself a place in the Ahrensbach dormitory.
Hirschur:The fact that he has instead chosen to endure a night on a bench in a tea party room means that he dearly wishes to return to Ehrenfest.
Rozemyne:*Hirschur knew Ferdinand a lot better than I did. And while that made me feel happy,*
Rozemyne:*it also made me feel sad at the same time. It was somewhat a strange feeling.*
Rozemyne:*Then, Professor Hirschur said this:*
Hirschur:Until a few years ago, Ehrenfest was near the bottom of the rankings. Its position only rose after the civil war.
Hirschur:And then, in what must seem like in the blink of an eye, it broke out of the lower ranks and is forming connections with the royal family.
Hirschur:I expect the number of envious duchies is far greater than you expect.
Rozemyne:Eh?
Hirschur:The never-ending stream of new trends, and your joint research with the greater duchies. Everyone understands that these came about due to your efforts, Lady Rozemyne.
Rozemyne:…I wouldn’t have been able to do any of that on my own.
Hirschur:But they are things that could not have happened without you.
Hirschur:I personally like seeing Ehrenfest, as united as it is under you, Lady Rozemyne.
Hirschur:That is why I must ask you to take care. Do not lose sight of your surroundings.
Rozemyne:I understand.
Hirschur:Then please deliver these to him.
Hirschur:This is a transcription of the research already done on Schwartz and Weiss, and these additional documents contain my own findings.
Rozemyne:Professor Hirschur, is your intention to keep Ferdinand from getting enough sleep?
Hirschur:Are you not doing that already, Lady Rozemyne? Your every action only adds to his headaches.
Hirschur:Inviting the royal family to a ritual, gambling your marriage on a game of ditter with Dunkelfelger…
Hirschur:He could lecture you all night and it will not be enough.
Rozemyne:Ah!
Rozemyne:*At that moment, in my mind…*
Ferdinand:Your letters stopped arriving all of a sudden.
Ferdinand:Do not tell me something happened that you dare not report.
Rozemyne:*…This is bad.*
Rozemyne:*After leaving Professor Hirschur’s laboratory,*
Rozemyne:*I headed to my hidden room and prioritized writing a response most likely to earn his praise.*
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, um…
Rozemyne:*And before I knew it, the day of the Interduchy Tournament had arrived.*
Cornelius:Good day, Lady Rozemyne.
Rozemyne:Cornelius! Did you come to see Leonore perform?
Cornelius:That too, but…
Cornelius:We’re here to protect you, but we were told to be discreet about it and to have reasonable excuses for attending.
Rozemyne:Indeed, the atmosphere has become much more tense compared to last year, hasn’t it?
Cornelius:Yeah, I never expected the Sovereign Knight’s Order to provide such heavy security.
Hartmut:Lady Rozemyne!
Angelica:Lady Rozemyne.
Rozemyne:Hartmut! Angelica!
Rozemyne:So, you both came as well.
Hartmut:I came to see my fiancée perform, and since I am now the High Priest,
Hartmut:I need to properly inform her family of the change in my situation and earn their pardon.
Rozemyne:Ah… It’s my fault…
Hartmut:Lady Rozemyne, it’s not something you should worry about.
Angelica:I came to see how strong Traugott has grown.
Rozemyne:*There have been discussions about Angelica’s engagement, and it seems that the potential candidates are either grandfather or Traugott.*
Rozemyne:*What kind of choice is that!*
Angelica:My future husband must possess strength suitable for such a position.
Cornelius:This is all just an excuse, Lady Rozemyne.
Cornelius:In truth, Angelica came up with it to avoid having to memorize the names of the gods.
Sylvester:Hey there, problem child. Causing any problems today?
Rozemyne:Sylvester, long time no see!
Rozemyne:You seem pretty tired…
Sylvester:And whose fault do you think that is?
Sylvester:Once you’re back in Ehrenfest, get ready for the lecture of a lifetime.
Rozemyne:*NOOO!*
Rauffen:Ditter shall now begin!
Rozemyne:*The Interduchy Tournament had officially begun with Professor Rauffen’s announcement.*
Sylvester:Since Ehrenfest won the bride-taking ditter.
Sylvester:We’re going to demand that they stop trying to court Rozemyne and make it clear that we’re not taking Lady Hannelore, right?
Rozemyne + Wilfried:Right!
Rozemyne:*Right at that moment, Dunkelfelger’s first wife, Lady Sieglinde, arrived.*
Sieglinde:Good day, Aub Ehrenfest.
Sylvester:It’s been a while, Lady Sieglinde.
Sieglinde:Printing, books, rituals…
Sieglinde:There is much I wish for us to discuss, but let us first focus on that eventful game of ditter.
Sylvester:Right.
Rozemyne:*However, our discussions weren’t going smoothly.*
Sieglinde:At the moment, Ehrenfest’s only value is in Lady Rozemyne, who introduces new trends and industries, knows an impressive amount about ancient language and rituals,
Sieglinde:and possesses the leadership necessary to unify her dormitory despite the duchy having so many archduke candidates.
Sieglinde:You are far from being worthy of one of our archduke candidates.
Sieglinde:Surely you understand by now? Lady Rozemyne is too large a soul to be contained within Ehrenfest.
Sieglinde:Geduldh chose to protect Mestionora by letting her go and entrusting her to Schutzaria,
Sieglinde:it will be best for Lady Rozemyne and for everyone she knows if she is moved to a land where she can operate to her heart’s content.
Sylvester:Is all this Dunkelfelger volunteering to play the part of Schutzaria?
Sieglinde:Yes, for she will serve as a shield to protect Mestionora and Ehrenfest, the duchy Hannelore is marrying into.
Rozemyne:*How odd.*
Rozemyne:*This had somehow turned into a conversation about Dunkelfelger protecting me.*
Rozemyne:*It seems Sylvester felt the same way.*
Sylvester:This is so stupid…
Rozemyne:Dear adoptive father, would we not benefit from some scissors to cut this rope around our throats?
Sylvester:Certainly, it might be easier to deal with the aftermath than to continue enduring her criticisms while she takes the lead.
Sylvester:Do what you want. I’ll take care of whatever happens next.
Rozemyne:Lady Sieglinde, are you perhaps unfamiliar with the terms under which our duchies played ditter?
Sieglinde:On the contrary. I was told about them at length.
Rozemyne:Then why do you ignore the results of our sacred game?
Rozemyne:We only agreed to the match because Lord Lestilaut gave us his word that Ehrenfest would not be pressured into ending my engagement if we won.
Rozemyne:Be silent as losers should be.
Hannelore:Lady Rozemyne…
Sieglinde:For what reason did you seek to acquire Hannelore, then?
Rozemyne:To prevent a bothersome game of ditter from being forced upon us.
Rozemyne:It would be intolerably rude to have Lady Hannelore move to Ehrenfest, after all.
Rozemyne:Therefore, we always intended to nullify that condition after winning.
Sieglinde:You always intended to, you say?
Sieglinde:Then, if Hannelore wants to marry into Ehrenfest—
Hannelore:Mother, Ehrenfest won. Please do not bother them any further.
Sieglinde:Hannelore?
Hannelore:He was the first person to say he would protect me on the battlefield—the first person to offer me a choice, not give me an order.
Hannelore:Thus, I truly wished to marry into Ehrenfest.
Sieglinde:You…
Hannelore:However, it is unsightly to force my wish onto them when they do not want it.
Hannelore:Let us take a step back and start by learning what will benefit them.
Hannelore:Bringing good fortune to those around you, while achieving your own desires.
Hannelore:This is how a Dunkelfelger woman operates, right?
Rozemyne:*The proud smile with which Hannelore spoke made it plain to see that she was a true Dunkelfelger woman.*
Sylvester:We would like for Dunkelfelger to cease its attempts to secure Rozemyne through marriage.
Sylvester:That is our foremost desire.
Rozemyne:*After that, we discussed many things, such as Ehrenfest paper being unsuitable for contracts,*
Rozemyne:*and that there were multiple differences in our respective understanding of ditter prerequisites and conditions,*
Rozemyne:*causing Lady Sieglinde to express her desire to apologize.*
Sieglinde:It is important to maintain a positive relationship between our two duchies.
Sieglinde:Hannelore, do you know of anything that Ehrenfest would desire to have?
Hannelore:In that case, what if we have Lestilaut provide them with some art?
Sieglinde:Lestilaut’s paintings?
Hannelore:Yes. It seemed to me that both Lady Rozemyne and Lord Wilfried wanted his illustrations for A Ditter Story.
Hannelore:I believe we can contribute to Ehrenfest’s printing.
Sieglinde:Will that really please Ehrenfest?
Rozemyne:Yes! I would appreciate it!
Rozemyne:However, those illustrations belong to Lord Lestilaut…
Rozemyne:Is it alright to use them without permission?
Sieglinde:I would say this is an excellent opportunity for him to learn how it feels to have a matter related to you be decided without your involvement.
Sieglinde:Compared to deciding one’s marriage partner without their approval, this is still quite mild.
Sieglinde:Oh, I know! Should we also present that painting to Ehrenfest?
Sieglinde:You know, there is a piece in the dormitory that he put a tremendous amount of effort into.
Rozemyne:*She may be smiling, but…*
Rozemyne:*She’s quite angry, isn’t she?*
Rozemyne:*Hang in there, Lord Lestilaut!*
Detlinde:I apologize for interrupting when you all seem to be having fun, but…
Detlinde:Please allow me to give my greetings.
Rozemyne:Ah! Lady Detlinde!
Detlinde:To think that the first lady of Dunkelfelger is also here. How convenient.
Sieglinde + Hannelore:Congratulations on your engagement, Lady Detlinde.
Detlinde:I have to go around to every duchy’s spot with my fiancé to greet everyone.
Detlinde:I am just so terribly, terribly busy…
Rozemyne:*Beside Lady Detlinde was Ferdinand, who looked terribly pale.*
Sylvester:Ferdinand?
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, it’s been so long—Ow, ow, owie!
Ferdinand:There is a mountain of things I wish to say to you, but I will refrain for now.
Rozemyne:Then refrain from pinching my cheeks as well, please.
Ferdinand:I will consider your input later.
Rozemyne:Don’t just *consider* it; *conform* to it!
Ferdinand:Hmph.
Rozemyne:*And then, Ferdinand summoned a certain someone by ordonnanz.*
Heisshitze:Lord Ferdinand. Congratulations on your engagement.
Heisshitze:I was overjoyed to hear that you have been freed from the temple.
Ferdinand:Ah, Heisshitze.
Ferdinand:I am told that Dunkelfelger and many others worked together to grant me the greatest reprieve imaginable.
Ferdinand:It is thanks to all of your efforts, that I am now engaged to Lady Detlinde, Lady Veronica’s granddaughter.
Ferdinand:The emotions I feel truly cannot be put into words.
Heisshitze:Huh?
Detlinde:Oh my, Lord Ferdinand!
Detlinde:You always shower me with such praise.
Ferdinand:In my present circumstances, I am no longer in a position to play ditter with you.
Ferdinand:I can’t hold onto it forever. Thus, I shall return this cape.
Heisshitze:…Lord Ferdinand?
Ferdinand:You have finally reacquired the precious cape that was stolen from you all those years ago.
Ferdinand:I would expect a little more delight, Heisshitze.
Heisshitze:Ah, I’m only surprised!
Heisshitze:I never thought I would regain this cape in such a way, Lord Ferdinand. My wife will surely be pleased.
Rozemyne:*Heisshitze, who unintentionally helped push the situation into the worst possible outcome,*
Rozemyne:*was not even allowed to apologize and was forced to feign happiness, so his face was drained of color.*
Detlinde:Oh my! And why did Lord Ferdinand have a cape so precious to that man?
Rozemyne:*As the surrounding knights rushed to explain the origin of the matter, the tea was prepared.*
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, please have some.
Ferdinand:Hmm.
Ferdinand:Ah, the taste of Ehrenfest. Justus, Eckhart, you should taste it too.
Eckhart + Justus:Thank you.
Sieglinde:The taste of your hometown after a long time is exceptional, isn’t it?
Ferdinand:Indeed. I saw the joint research with Ehrenfest earlier, and I was surprised that such ancient rituals still exist.
Ferdinand:Successfully gaining blessings due to the fruits of this research is truly remarkable.
Hannelore:It’s all thanks to Lady Rozemyne.
Hannelore:She mimicked our ritual, which was but a shadow of its intended form at the time,
Hannelore:and offered mana with Leidenschaft’s spear, causing a pillar of light to shoot up into the sky.
Ferdinand:Oh? A pillar of light?
Rozemyne:*Ah! This is bad!*
Hannelore:Because of that, the knights were able to obtain a powerful blessing, and so we became desperate to revive the ritual.
Rozemyne:*Noooooooooo!*
Rozemyne:*Lady Hannelore, please stoooop!*
Ferdinand:Rozemyne did not include such details in her letters. I see now that she played a significant part in all this.
Hannelore:The Dedication Ritual she performed was wondrous as well. Even the Zent was overjoyed after participating.
Ferdinand:Oh? A Dedication Ritual, you say?
Rozemyne:*…Please, someone help!*
Detlinde:As for Ahrensbach’s research, it was done by Lord Ferdinand’s disciple, you know?
Rozemyne:*…Uh, what?*
Hannelore:Um, well…
Sieglinde:Please excuse me, Lady Detlinde, but we were discussing our joint research with Ehrenfest.
Detlinde:Lord Ferdinand, rather than the research done by other duchies, I need you to focus on the research done by Ahrensbach.
Ferdinand:Ahrensbach’s research garnered much attention from the royal family due to its use in preserving documents.
Detlinde:We put our voice recording magic tool, which we improved upon, in a stuffed shumil, and to my surprise, it whispered tender words of love in my ears. Ohohohoho!
Sieglinde:Is she talking about the exhibition piece that was prepared by Ehrenfest?
Rozemyne:Yes! My retainers prepared it.
Rozemyne:The words of love are excerpts from Royal Academy Love Stories.
Ferdinand:I received an explanation from Raimund this morning,
Ferdinand:and I was simply exasperated to hear that it has been filled with such fool—strange messages.
Ferdinand:So it was your doing.
Detlinde:Lord Ferdinand, I desire that stuffed shumil for myself.
Rozemyne:My sincerest apologies but that shumil is already spoken for.
Detlinde:Then I will negotiate with whoever is due to receive it. Tell me, who might this person be?
Ferdinand:Lady Detlinde, if it has already been promised to someone, then asking for it will only trouble everyone.
Detlinde:Lord Ferdinand, I am saying that I desire this shumil. If you are my fiancé, then at least try to grant my wish.
Ferdinand:…I understand. After obtaining a workshop in Ahrensbach, I promise to make one for you.
Sieglinde:Oh my! It’s wonderful that your fiancé would make one especially for you.
Sieglinde:Isn’t that great, Lady Detlinde?
Detlinde:Isn’t it terribly far away for Lord Ferdinand to obtain a workshop? I want it right now.
Sieglinde:Lady Detlinde, do you always make such demands of Ehrenfest?
Detlinde:But of course. I am the next aub of Ahrensbach, you know.
Rozemyne:*I thought things were finally settling down, but now I don’t know what to do anymore.*
Lieseleta:Lady Rozemyne, might I suggest offering the exhibit shumil to Lady Detlinde?
Lieseleta:I will simply make another.
Rozemyne:Lieseleta…
Lieseleta:It hurts to see Lord Ferdinand so troubled, does it not?
Rozemyne:*I nodded in agreement, and agreed to give the shumil to Lady Detlinde.*
Detlinde:Oh my! How splendid!
Ferdinand:Apologies, Rozemyne.
Rozemyne:This is nothing for you to worry about.
Ferdinand:I apologize.
Rozemyne:*Seeing Ferdinand apologize on behalf of Lady Detlinde was even more painful.*
Rozemyne:*Ferdinand didn’t do anything wrong, after all. And as I was feeling uneasy…*
Hannelore:Oh? An ordonnanz.
Fraularm:LADY ROZEMYNE!
Fraularm:What is the meaning of this?!
Fraularm:There was no mention of your exhibit containing such an unacceptable message!
Fraularm:Ehrenfest intentionally deceived Ahrensbach, did it not?!
Rozemyne:Professor Fraularm…
Ferdinand:Did you neglect to report something?
Lieseleta:Lady Rozemyne, perhaps they are referring to the final message you recorded?
Ferdinand:And what was this final message?
Rozemyne:Well…
Rozemyne:For women who wish to be captivated by various words of love,
Rozemyne:and for gentlemen searching for the right words to captivate the girl of their dreams.
Rozemyne:Royal Academy Love Stories will answer your call.
Rozemyne:Ehrenfest will be selling Royal Academy Love Stories starting this summer.
Rozemyne:We will also be selling nail-biters like A Ditter Story, Knight Stories, and The History of Dunkelfelger.
Rozemyne:Please look forward to it!
Detlinde:I can’t believe such an advertisement is flowing from Ahrensbach’s exhibition—if you will excuse me!
Detlinde:Let us go, Lord Ferdinand!
Ferdinand:Good grief…
Ferdinand:You truly are unpredictable.
Ferdinand:Very good.
Rozemyne:*Yay! I got a “Very good”!*
Brunhilde:Lord Ferdinand has arrived.
Rozemyne:*The long-awaited dinner time has come.*
Rozemyne:Welcome home, Ferdinand.
Ferdinand:Yes…
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, that won’t do. You should say something like “It’s good to be back.” Proper greetings are important, are they not?
Ferdinand:*It is* good to be back.
Ferdinand:I am going to be in your care tonight. My apologies for the burden.
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, I came first-in-class.
Rozemyne:Two of our joint research projects also received awards.
Rozemyne:Now, please praise me.
Rozemyne:Ouch! What was that for?!
Ferdinand:Is it not obvious that I must interrogate and scold you before uttering even a word of praise?
Rozemyne:At the very least, start with some compliments. I am prepared to listen to a lengthy lecture afterward.
Ferdinand:I do not care how prepared you are to be lectured. I would rather you grow accustomed to not doing things that will get you scolded in the first place.
Rozemyne:That is precisely why I think you should praise me first.
Ferdinand:You did very well.
Rozemyne:There was no heart in that whatsoever!
Rihyarda:Milady, how about we leave it at that and show him to his room?
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, I brought this from Ehrenfest for you to use today.
Ferdinand:Was it finished?
Rozemyne:Yes!
Wilfried:Rozemyne, what is this bench?
Rozemyne:It’s a new creation that I asked my Gutenburgs to make, Ferdinand ordered it sometime ago.
Rozemyne:It’s finally finished so please have a seat.
Ferdinand:Ah, this is nice.
Rozemyne:If you rest here, Ferdinand, then you might look a little less tired.
Rozemyne:Just what kind of life have you been leading in Ahrensbach?
Wilfried:He doesn’t seem much different from usual to me… I’m impressed you could tell.
Ferdinand:Rozemyne, you don’t look very well yourself.
Ferdinand:You have been pushing yourself much too hard.
Rozemyne:*Saying that, he reached out to me and inspected my health as he had always used to.*
Rozemyne:*I lightly closed my eyes; feeling his touch was actually kind of nostalgic.*
Ferdinand:You seem to have a slight fever.
Ferdinand:Have you not had any potions since returning?
Rozemyne:I drank one made with kindness, so I think I’m fine, but…
Ferdinand:Good, then.
Ferdinand:Exercise regularly to increase your strength.
Ferdinand:You are still relying on supporting magic tools, no?
Rozemyne:I will do my best.
Rozemyne:Oh… Wilfried? Is something wrong?
Wilfried:N-No, I’m just a little surprised.
Wilfried:Oswald, could you start preparing dinner?
Rozemyne:*And so, dinner began.*
Ferdinand:Is this meat from a tauchen?
Rozemyne:Since you enjoy consommé and tauchen cooked in pome, the temple chefs made all this specially.
Rozemyne:Isn’t it nostalgic?
Ferdinand:I suppose…
Ferdinand:Tell them I am highly satisfied.
Ferdinand:By the way, that shumil…
Ferdinand:To whom did you intend to gift it?
Ferdinand:I will need to compensate you.
Rozemyne:There is no need for you to apologize, Ferdinand.
Ferdinand:However…
Rozemyne:You really don’t need to!
Lieseleta:Lady Rozemyne, may I suggest accepting his apology?
Lieseleta:It would make Lord Ferdinand feel more relieved.
Rozemyne:Umm…
Rozemyne:If that’s the case then how would he pay me back…?
Lieseleta:Perhaps he could make a new recording magic tool?
Lieseleta:It would serve as compensation.
Lieseleta:And if you could also have him record some phrases for you, Lady Rozemyne, would you not appreciate that?
Ferdinand:Hmm.
Ferdinand:Indeed, making a new one would certainly be ideal compensation.
Ferdinand:I do not have much time, though.
Ferdinand:Rozemyne, can I rely on your assistance with the brewing?
Rozemyne:*His face, which had been so sullen and exhausted a moment ago, was now livelier than ever.*
Rozemyne:My experience is yours, so you can count on me!
Philine:Their preparation is a lot more thorough than what I’ve ever done!
Roderick:They’re even matching the quality of the ingredients…that’s so advanced!
Ignaz:Hold on, do you intend to brew it all at once?!
Rozemyne:Indeed. I was taught that this is an excellent way to save time.
Justus:But it does require practice.
Ferdinand:Justus, we will be stacking the time-saving magic circles.
Apprentice Archscholars:Stacking?!
Justus:Understood.
Ferdinand:Rozemyne, you draw one too.
Rozemyne:We’re triple-stacking it? Is that even safe?
Ferdinand:As I said, we do not have much time. Do you consider me incompetent?
Rozemyne:No, I don’t!
Ferdinand:…It’s done.
Ferdinand:So, what am I expected to record for you?
Rozemyne:Words of praise, of course!
Lieseleta:Lord Ferdinand, if I may… I believe Lady Rozemyne would benefit from the same kind of messages she gave you…
Brunhilde:There should be instructions for her to stop reading and to rest more.
Ferdinand:I certainly would not mind including a scolding or two, but, what messages do you intend to leave me?
Lieseleta:This is for you.
Ferdinand:Justus, play it back.
Rozemyne:Ah, later! Please check it later!
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, are you getting enough rest?
Rozemyne:Don’t work yourself too hard.
Rozemyne:No matter how busy things get, remember that you need to eat. Don’t try to get all of your energy from potions; have proper food too.
Rozemyne:If you run out of Ehrenfest meals, send word right away.
Rozemyne:Ow, it hurts!
Ferdinand:You deserved it. You can hand me the tool now.
Rozemyne:No, Justus! Don’t! If you’re going to give it to him, I’d rather you just give it back instead!
Sylvester:What’s all this commotion?
Rozemyne:Sylvester! I made a magic tool for Justus to use, but Ferdinand is trying to steal it away!
Sylvester:This magic tool? What did you record for him?
Rozemyne:Ferdinand, are you getting enough rest?
Rozemyne:Don’t work yourself too hard.
Sylvester:…Hahaha!
Sylvester:Take it, Justus. If you want Ferdinand to stop working, all you need to do is threaten to spread Rozemyne’s nagging throughout Ahrensbach.
Justus:Thank you, Aub Ehrenfest.
Rozemyne:*And the next morning.*
Ferdinand:Here is the recording magic tool you requested.
Rozemyne:Ah! Thank you very much!
Rozemyne:*I immediately played the magic tool.*
Ferdinand:It is time to eat. I do not know what you are doing but stop at once.
Rozemyne:*Ughh… The first message is a scolding.*
Ferdinand:Rozemyne, if you wish to listen to the rest, wait until you are back in your room.
Ferdinand:I do not much care for listening to my own voice.
Rozemyne:Okay.
Rozemyne:Uh…you included my request as well, right?
Ferdinand:As per your attendants’ wishes, I have included many words of warnings.
Rozemyne:Huh? Then…
Rozemyne:Did you honor my request?
Ferdinand:Who can say?
Rozemyne:So mean…
Rozemyne:*And then, Ferdinand’s expression became more formal.*
Ferdinand:Rozemyne, Rihyarda, the bench was even more comfortable than I expected.
Rozemyne:If you were able to sleep well, Ferdinand, then the effort to bring it in was well worth it.
Ferdinand:Sylvester informed me that you both put a lot of effort into preparing this room for me.
Ferdinand:I spent last night in great comfort. You have my utmost gratitude.
Rozemyne:At times like this, a simple “thank you” will suffice.
Ferdinand:Thank you, Rozemyne, Rihyarda.
Rozemyne:*Saying that, he smiled with a gentle expression I had never seen before.*
Rihyarda:Lord Ferdinand, you should be going to welcome Lady Detlinde, correct?
Rihyarda:You should change your clothes.
Rozemyne:*And so, Ferdinand and I were separated once again.*
Rozemyne:*At that time, I never imagined that the dedication whirl at the graduation ceremony would turn into such a commotion.*
Hannelore:I thank you ever so much for making the time to meet with me,
Hannelore:I realize you must be busy with your preparations to return home.
Rozemyne:Lady Hannelore, I am also glad to have this opportunity to speak with you.
Hannelore:*Today is the day I exchange books with Lady Rozemyne.*
Hannelore:*As promised, I brought my brother’s illustrations.*
Rozemyne:This art is truly wonderful.
Rozemyne:The knights are vividly depicted performing ditter.
Rozemyne:Each one is worthy of being illustrations for Knight Stories.
Rozemyne:I’m certain Wilfried will have trouble choosing which ones to use.
Hannelore:I’m glad to hear you say that.
Rozemyne:Oh? What is this…? Is that me?
Hannelore:Yes!
Hannelore:It’s an illustration of you during your dedication whirling practice.
Hannelore:*There were multiple paintings that depicted Lady Rozemyne.*
Hannelore:*Sleeves rippling softly.*
Hannelore:*Hair swirling and fluttering, with colors like the night sky.*
Hannelore:*Numerous feystones shimmering and radiating light.*
Rozemyne:Is this how it looked to Lord Lestilaut?
Hannelore:Your dance with the shimmering feystones was so beautiful that he felt compelled to capture it as soon as he could.
Rozemyne:Please tell Lord Lestilaut that I am ever so grateful he depicted me so beautifully.
Hannelore:*However, Lady Rozemyne had an uneasy expression and asked for the painting to be put away.*
Hannelore:*Did she not like it? Maybe I caused her trouble by bringing it.*
Rozemyne:Speaking of which…
Rozemyne:How are things going with you, Lady Hannelore?
Rozemyne:You seemed to have been heavily criticized for surrendering during the bride-taking ditter, so I was worried.
Hannelore:I’m fine.
Hannelore:My brother was very disappointed to have so much of his art confiscated, and the knights have grown very quiet since Mother scolded them.
Hannelore:So life is more peaceful than usual.
Hannelore:I look forward to reading the second volume of The Story of Fernestine when I return home.
Hannelore:I’ve been really curious about the sequel.
Rozemyne:I totally understand, it’s natural to be curious about what happens next in a story!
Hannelore:*As I looked into those sparkling eyes, I remembered the first time I properly met Lady Rozemyne.*
Cordula:Lady Hannelore, Lady Rozemyne has arrived at the library.
Hannelore:Let’s go right away, Cordula.
Hannelore:*At that time, I wanted to invite Lady Rozemyne to a tea party to apologize for my brother’s rudeness, but…*
Solange:Lady Rozemyne has already returned to her dormitory.
Cordula:Your timing was unfortunate, milady.
Hannelore:*And while I continued to miss my opportunities to meet her.*
Justus:Lady Rozemyne, I do believe Professor Solange mentioned that Lady Hannelore visits the library often.
Justus:Perhaps you could lend her one of your books, as proof of your friendship?
Rozemyne:Oh my! You are a lover of books, Lady Hannelore?
Hannelore:*I only went to the library to see the shumils and to look for Lady Rozemyne,*
Hannelore:*I’m not particularly fond of books.*
Hannelore:*But I couldn’t possibly tell her that.*
Rozemyne:Hmm?!
Hannelore:Y-Yes, well… I do not dislike them.
Rozemyne:I am quite happy to have made a bookworm friend!
Hannelore:*And that’s how I became named as a bookworm friend.*
Hannelore:*But now, I’m filled with gratitude.*
Hannelore:*The books Lady Rozemyne lends me are full of wonderful stories that make my heart flutter.*
Hannelore:*Even though I used to dislike reading, now I’ve completely fallen in love with books.*
Rozemyne:Lady Hannelore, is it really okay for me to borrow two books from Dunkelfelger?
Hannelore:You have lent me so many books, Lady Rozemyne, and I thought it might serve as an apology, no matter how insufficient.
Hannelore:Both are about religious stories.
Rozemyne:I’m really looking forward to them!
Hannelore:Once we finish reading, I’d like to discuss our thoughts again.
Rozemyne:Yes! Let’s have another bookworm tea party at that time.
Hannelore:*In the sequel to The Story of Fernestine, which I borrowed from Lady Rozemyne,*
Hannelore:*the protagonist is torn apart from the prince and forced to marry another nobleman by the order of the king.*
Hannelore:*But the story continues in the next volume!*
Hannelore:*I never expected it to end on such a cliffhanger.*